[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
When Vegeta transformed
into a monstrous Saiyan Ape,
Goku suddenly found himself
with his back against a wall...
[VEGETA] Come on...
Am I too fast for you...
[GOKU] Big as he is, the
guy moves like a rabbit...
I don't have time to
make a Spirit Bomb...
[GOKU]
Come on...
I only need ten
lousy seconds...
Give me ten seconds
to concentrate...
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Goku on the Ropes!
Pin Your Hopes on
the Spirit Bomb!"
[roars]
[GOKU]
Wait! That's it!
Tien, I'm gonna have to
borrow one of your moves...
Solar Flare!
[GOKU] That oughta
slow 'em down
for a few seconds
at least...
[VEGETA]
My eyes! My eyes!
[GOKU]
There...
I think I put enough
distance between us...
[GOKU] Alright...
Lets do this...
I call upon the mountains...
I call upon the seas...
I call upon all living
things on Planet Earth...
Share your energy with me...
Just a tiny bit of your
life force is all I need...
Help me create
a Spirit Bomb!
Come on.
Please work...
[VEGETA]
You arrogant...
Impudent little...
[GOKU]
Yes... that's it...
Almost there.
Just keep it comin'...
[YAJIROBE]
What is he doing?
Whatever it is,
he'd better hurry.
[GOKU] His vision's
startin' to come back...
Hopefully I can
fire off a Spirit Bomb
at this range
before he spots me...
Please, please,
please let this work!
[VEGETA] Coward!
Where are you?!
Come out and face me!
Don't even think
about sneaking away...
I can smell your fear from
halfway across the globe!
[GOKU]
It's working...!
[VEGETA] When I get
my hands on you!!!
[GOKU] Time's up!
He found me...!
[GOKU] Heh...
It's done...
I've gathered energy from
every corner of the world...
[GOKU] Now!
[VEGETA]
Take this!!!
[explosion]
[KRILLIN]
Wha... What the...?
What the heck
just happened?
[chuckling]
Hahahahaha--Huh??
[pained grunting]
[GOKU] Damn...
He's so...
so strong in this form
it's unbelievable...
Looks like I
miscalculated...
So much for my big plan...
All I managed to do was
waste a perfectly good move...
[VEGETA] Heh...
You put up a good struggle...
But it appears you've reached
the end of your rope...
Am I right?
[GOKU]
He's got me...
I used up all my energy
making that Spirit Bomb...
There's nothing
left to use...
I... I don't stand a chance
of winning... Not now.
[VEGETA] Whatever
shall you do?!
[screams in pain]
[KRILLIN]
Goku's energy!
Can you feel that?
It's dropping really fast!
[GOHAN] Yeah...
We've gotta hurry!
[KRILLIN] Just a little
further and we're there!
[GOKU screaming]
Hahahahaha!
[VEGETA] Whoops...
Sorry. My mistake...
I oughtta be more
careful where I step.
How clumsy of me...
But, then again...
You're lucky I crushed your
legs and not your skull.
[VEGETA] This is the end
of the line, Kakarot...
Even if you do manage
to come back to life,
this planet won't
be around anymore...
[GOKU]
Well that's it...
He...He really
beat me good.
I knew he'd be tough
but I never imagined
he'd be so much
stronger than me...
Now I see how much training
I still have to do
when this is over...
Of course that's if
I even get to come back...
[VEGETA] Die!
Arrrrrrrrrrgh!!!
[GOKU] Consider that a
little farewell present...
[GOKU] I don't have the
strength... to lift a finger.
So just do what you're
gonna do to me, alright?
Take... your
best... shot...
[VEGETA]
Damn... you!!!
How dare you leave
a scar on this face?!
Nobody does that to me!
[VEGETA]
Just for that,
I'm going to crush
you like a grape!
[GOKU]
Yaaaaaaaaaa!!!
[YAJIROBE]
Poor Goku...
He's not just in trouble...
The guy is toast...
He's a goner...
[YAJIROBE]
Believe me, man,
I would help you out...
but I mean look...
I gotta look out for
number one here...
And if he can
do that to you...
[VEGETA] Is that
not enough for you?
Why don't I kick
it up a notch...
[GOKU]
YAAAAAAUUUGHHH!!!!
[KRILLIN]
Down there...
That's where
we'll find 'em...
I don't know where that
weird ball of light came from,
but I can tell
from Goku's energy
they're right under it...
What in the world
is that thing anyway?
[GOHAN] Look! There
they are! I can see 'em!
[KRILLIN]
Gohan! Dive!
Don't even look!
Just get to cover!
[GOHAN] Wha...
What is... that?
[KRILLIN] Do as I
tell you, right now!
[YAJIROBE]
It's those guys...
[KRILLIN]
I don't believe it!
He's transformed
into a giant Ape!
[VEGETA]
What's that I hear...
every bone in
your body breaking?
Must hurt... Ha!
[KRILLIN] He's squeezing
the life out of him...
Come on, Gohan!
[GOHAN]
I'm right behind ya!
[YAJIROBE]
Wait!
[surprised gasps]
[KRILLIN]
Yajirobe!
[YAJIROBE]
Look!
The Saiyan guy's
turned into
some kinda
giant-gorilla-monster thing!
Ya see?!
[KRILLIN] Uh...
yeah, no kidding!
[YAJIROBE] There's
no way the two of you
can take him head on...
Don't even try it!
[KRILLIN] I know
he's powerful...
but if we can
cut off his tail
he'll shrink back
down to normal.
[YAJIROBE]
Wait... What?
[GOHAN]
His tail?
[KRILLIN] I want
the two of you
to swing around
to the front...
Try to distract him...
Make sure his eyes
are off of me...
Then I'll sneak
up behind him
and chop off his tail
with everything I got...
[KRILLIN] Hurry up!
Time is not on our side!
[GOHAN] Yeah right...
[YAJIROBE] Yeah,
sure, piece a' cake.
No prob... What, are ya
outta your stinkin' mind?!
You haven't seen
what I've seen...
Even at normal size
this guy is not someone
you wanna mess with...
Take my word for it...
[GOHAN]
Hold on, Dad!
We're gonna save you!
[KRILLIN]
Oh, no!
Goku's power's almost
completely gone...
If we can't pull this off...
He's as good as dead...
[GOHAN]
Hang on Dad...
[VEGETA] I think your
friends are here...
How quaint.
[GOHAN]
Hey, Ugly!
[GOHAN] You put my
dad down right now!
[VEGETA] Ah,
Kakarot's brat!
What a pleasant surprise!
A family reunion, is it?
How very sweet of you
to come just in time
to watch your
father fail...
I was just
thinking the moment
needed something to
give it that extra kick.
You really can't plan
for good luck like this.
[KRILLIN]
Kienzan!!
[VEGETA] Now...
Watch closely, boy...
We wouldn't want you
to miss a single detail
of the grand finale,
now would we?
[GOHAN]
Come on, Krilllin...!
[VEGETA]
It's rather a shame
he's already lost
consciousness,
but oh well... you
can't win 'em all...
[KRILLIN]
It can't be!
[VEGETA]
I hope for your sake
you weren't expecting me
to fall for that trick...
As if the brat could
muster up the courage
to come all the way
back here on his own!
[VEGETA] I'll give you
some credit though...
You at least knew enough
to go after my tail,
not that it helped...
And now that you've
blown your one shot.
You have no choice
but to watch when
I finish Kakarot...
[VEGETA]
But don't worry...
It won't take long and
once I'm done with him,
you'll be next in line...
[KRILLIN]
Damn it!
Even in full-fledged
monster form
he's as calculating and
level-headed as ever...
I'm sorry, Goku.
We tried our best,
but he's right.
He's too powerful.
I doubt we could lay
a finger on him now...
[VEGETA] Challenging me
was your first mistake
and unfortunately for you,
it will also prove
to be your last.
[GOHAN]
Nooo!!!
Stop it! Stop it,
stop it, stop it!
[VEGETA]
Well now.
Are you too impatient
to wait your turn like
a good little boy...?
[KRILLIN]
Gohan! No!
[VEGETA]
Poor thing.
Too scared to even move.
Such a tragedy... Hahahaha!
[swish]
[YAJIROBE] He's
all yours guys...
[VEGETA]
Damn it!
Wh... Where the hell
has that one been
hiding all this time?!
[VEGETA] No! This
can't be happening!!!
[KRILLIN]
We... We did it...
We cut him back
down to size...!
[KRILLIN]
Way to go Yajirobe...
You saved the day!
[VEGETA] You...
will... all... pay...
[VEGETA]
You're about to suffer
in ways you
can't even fathom!
[GOHAN] What are we
supposed to do now?
I don't think we
planned this far ahead...
[VEGETA] I'll make you regret
the day you were born...
Your torment
will be legendary!
[KRILLIN] Gohan!
Get outta there!
[VEGETA] No reason
I can't start with you.
[VEGETA] I'm told Saiyan
half-breeds are tenacious...
Why don't we
see if there's
actually any truth
to that rumor...
[VEGETA] Heh...
Someone else
who's too impatient
to wait their turn...
[VEGETA]
Now, get up...
Amaze me with those
hidden reserves of strength.
[VEGETA]
Come on... Fight!
This can't be
all you've got...
Show me some
half-breed nerve!
Or does the apple not
fall far from the tree?
[VEGETA] Well,
you certainly bleed
just like your father.
[VEGETA] It seems
only fitting
that I let you
die alongside him...
there's poetry in that.
[VEGETA]
Here!
[GOKU]
Go... Gohan...
[VEGETA] Ah, so you've
regained consciousness.
You're quite the
stubborn one, Kakarot...
[GOKU] Gohan... I'm
pretty banged up, son.
There's not a lot I can
do right now but lay here
and wait for
Vegeta's next move...
[GOKU]
You...
You're gonna have to
fight for the both of us...
I know he looks scary...
But trust me, he doesn't
have much power left...
[GOHAN]
I'm sorry, dad...
I just can't do it...
He's so much
stronger than me...
There's no
way I can win.
[VEGETA] Alright, here's
the order I choose...
I'll start off with Kakarot,
followed by his
whiney little brat...
Then I believe
the bald one...
And last but not least,
the fat one who
chopped off my tail.
[VEGETA] For him I'll set aside
something really gruesome.
[YAJIROBE] He
remembers who I am!
[GOKU] Y-You don't
have to beat him...
All you have to do
is hold him off...
You have no idea how
much stronger you are
than him right now...
You can do this...
If you can just keep
him busy long enough,
I'll get Krillin
to finish the job...
[GOHAN]
I'm sorry...
I can't even
move anymore...
[GOKU]
Come on, son!
Just think of
all the sacrifices
our friends have
made for us...
Would Piccolo want you
to just lie down and die!
[GOKU] It's all
up to you... Son...
[GOKU]
Go... Gohan...
[VEGETA]
Low-born imbecile...
Scum like you
just never learn...
[GOHAN] No...
No... Stop...
[GOHAN]
I said stop!!!
[VEGETA]
Huh...?
[GOHAN]
You want a fight?!
Let's go!
[VEGETA] Now you
wanna fight me...
Really?
[VEGETA]
You little!
[GOKU]
Krillin... Krillin...
Come here... Come here...
Please hurry...
[KRILLIN]
Damn it...
[VEGETA] Yeah...
That's what you get...
Learn your place boy...
[KRILLIN] I don't see
how he can beat him, Goku.
He's a machine...
Why didn't you just
tell Gohan to run away?
[GOKU] Just...
listen to me...
I... need to give
this to you...
It's the energy that
I managed to gather up
for the Spirit Bomb...
[KRILLIN] Wha...
Wait a minute...
You're giving me what?
[GOKU] I...
I used half...
But there still should
be enough left over
to pack a real punch...
You may not think so,
but he's weak enough
for you to take him...
If you can pull this off
we've got him, I know it!
[KRILLIN]
But... I...
[GOKU]
You can do it...
Just grab my hand
and... trust me...
[KRILLIN] Okay... sorry,
but I'm still lost here...
[GOKU] Now...
before it's too late...
[KRILLIN] How do you know
this is going to work?
[GOKU]
Do it!
[KRILLIN]
Okay...
Why the hell
didn't you tell me
you broke your arm?!
[GOKU] Don't
worry about it...
just hold on.
[GOKU] And, uh...
Brace yourself.
[KRILLIN] Wha... What
did you give to me?!
I mean... this... power...
It's absolutely incredible!
[GOKU] Don't let
it overwhelm you.
If you focus it
just above your palm,
you should be able to
make an energy ball...
[VEGETA]
Filthy child!!!
[GOKU] You've
gotta concentrate...
Gohan couldn't
handle this yet...
That's why I passed
it on to you...
[KRILLIN] Holy crap!
Uh... What now...?
[GOKU]
Now you use it...
to... put an end to this.
[VEGETA] I've
had enough of you!
[GOKU] Krillin... You've
gotta hit him square on...
I won't be able to make
another one of those...
unless you can take him down
in one shot, were dead.
[KRILLIN]
One shot, huh?
Well, here goes...
[NARRATOR] Will Krillin
be able to hit Vegeta
with the Spirit Bomb
on his first try,
or is this simply
too much power
for someone of his
inexperience to wield?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey it's me, Goku!
Come on, Spirit Bomb!
Work your magic!
[VEGETA] The very
thought of being driven
to this point by
garbage like you
is enough to drive
a warrior insane.
Hurry up and accept
defeat already!
[GOKU] Don't let
us down, Gohan...
You're our last hope
against this guy!
[VEGETA] What?!
His tail's grown back?!!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Defeat the
Invincible Vegeta!
Work a Miracle, Gohan!"
[GOHAN] Look at
the ball of light...
W-What is that thing?